Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about Sprint and Sprint, basic components.
Supreme Court is a framework for dependency injection, which is a pattern that allows us to build very
decoupled systems.
OK, we got it, but what is dependency injection dependency injection is a design that removes the
dependency from the program in court so it can be easy to manage and test the application.
Dependency injections makes our program called loosely coupled to understand it.
Let's see it on an example.
First of all, we will see the example for without using dependency injection it, we will set the example
for Veith using dependency injection.
For example, we have a class like user service in user service.
We want to call user repository and we want to store users to a database.
We have users methods.
To do it, we can easily create user posts, for instance, and we can directly call it from Sabeh User
Methods.
OK, this solves our problem for now, but later, due to the reason we need to change use repository
with different repository, for example, we should change it with a repository to do it.
We should change user service.
Closs for every change request.
So the problem is user service is closely coupled with user repository or admin repository.
So how can we avoid it?
Of course we can avoid from it with using dependency injection.
And we can say that with using dependancy, emerging principle.
Dependency, emotion principle is a solid principle, the Penman's emotion principle states that high
level modules should not depend on low level modules, but should depend on obstructions.
Also, obstructions should not depend on details.
Details should depend on obstructions.
OK, let's see them on our example, first of all, user repository clause should depend on abstractness.
To do it, we can create interface for user repository, then user repository can be implemented with
user repository implementation plus then use the repository implementation.
Plus can depend on user repository.
So we do it like this.
We can maintain dependency inmotion principle.
To dependency injection, we can inject it with two ways.
First one is we can inject it with constructive.
Second one is we can inject it with using sensation after all, we can call it anywhere with injections.
And every posture is changed without modification.
We can call user service methods easily.
What constructed and sensor dependency injection reduced coupling?
OK, now we will talk about how superintended dependency injection.
In spring, dependency, injection can be handled with three ways dependency injection in spring can
be done through constructor's Setas or Fields'.
Let's see them for our example.
For constructive example, we can create beans for user service and use a repository, and later we
can directly call from user service contracts.
Now, we so others think about what is being.
Just think simple, these are objects or instances of.
So we have just created Usery Pusser object here with using B later we can call these objects from Ciprian
components throughout applications skop.
We should also notice something here, what is configuration, the configuration annotation indicates
that the glass is a source of being definition's.
So this glass is a sprink configured glass to describe it.
We have just marked with configuration annotation.
Second, dependency injection method in Ciprian is setar based injection.
So, for our example, we can send a tweet using setar methods.
The last dependency injection method is fields' based dependency injection to handle it, otherwise
annotation will be used.
Actually, we will generally use this annotation in our project, but we should not forget something
for these dependency injection methods.
These methods can be only used among Ciprian components.
OK, now we will talk about Ciprian components.
First one is component annotation.
This is general purpose annotation, indicating that the class is a separate component.
Second man is the poster annotation, this is to indicate that the class defines a data repository.
Third one is service sanitation service Beans Holt, the business logic and Koula methods in the repository.
The last one is comptrollers or wrest control rotation, these indicate that a particular cluster serves
the role of a controller so you can call service methods here and you can serve it to relief.
Now we will talk about the other baozi connotations first one is Ciprian good application annotation.
This means to Marc Klaas s main class, so this class will be initializes class for separate, but second
one is transactional notation.
So this provides transactional, consistent methods.
If you get any exception in a method, all the chains will be rolled back.
OK, that's all.
Thank you.